# Captured Perspectives

Captured Perspectives emphasizes the prompted storytellings of our everyday lives. It tries to engage its audience (2 at a time) to take on the role of a photographer and a model. Then, they’re given a randomly generated prompt where they should bring that feeling to life together. Once the picture is taken, and the creators are satisfied with the result, they will be led to a page where they should write a few sentences that narrates the picture and the prompt they were given. Then they can use other parameters such as a general aesthetics to their work’s page and choose an accompanying music piece to the picture itself for others to view.

The music piece will be randomly generated by synthesized sound banks that are harmonized naturally. The generation executes according to the general mood that the creators/audience choose for their picture. This sound system has already been developed on a smaller scale for our previous projects and it’s been quite successful in how it generates new sound every time.

Captured Perspectives emphasizes the importance of collaboration in our creative works, and how storytelling brings the community together. All the pictures are stored within the database, where they can be seen by the other viewers to go through everyone’s stories and how they captured their perspectives of different prompts. This also experiments with our modern concepts of virtuality mixed with physical realities, and that different perspectives are a part of what makes us all human.
